try to capture comments/resolution to AD comments (#428)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

This document uses the following terms.

As explained in {{overview}}, artifacts are defined by which role elements produce them or consume them.

> Other role elements may forward, pass-through, cache or repeat artifacts.

Reviewer: what does "repeat" mean?  is it "make identical copies"?

> As explained in {{overview}}, artifacts are defined by which role elements produce them or consume them.
> Other role elements may forward, pass-through, cache or repeat artifacts.

Reviewer 2: To Thomas's point, maybe:
```suggestion
As explained in {{overview}}, artifacts are defined by which roles produce them or consume them.
In some protocol instantiations, other roles may cache and forward artifacts as opaque data, to one or entities implementing the consuming role.
```
